**Date: Monday March 17**

**Time: 5:00pm - 7:00pm**

**Location: Microsoft Teams**

## Agenda 
- [x] Review progress for Sprint 5
- [ ] Address any issues

## Attendance
- [x] Parth Chauhan
- [x] Victoria Danh
- [x] Prab Khokhar
- [x] Kaija Sproxton
- [x] William White
- [x] James Windjack
- [ ] Brendan Park
- [ ] Naser Ezzati-Jivan

## Sprint 5 Responsbilities
| Sprint # | Name               | Responsbility                                    |
|----------| ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------|
| Sprint 5 | Parth              | Software Testing and Planning                    |
| Sprint 5 | Victoria           | Direct Message and Following (Front End)         |
| Sprint 5 | Kaija              | Improve overall UI                               |
| Sprint 5 | Prab               | Improve overall UI                               |
| Sprint 5 | Will               | Algorithm for Posts and Following (Back End)     |
| Sprint 5 | James              | Tags (Displaying), Addressing Bugs, Exploring S3 |

## Issues
- Mac users ran into an issue with their API Server connection to the UI. Spent majority of the meeting trying ti troubleshot the issue but was unsuccessful
- Currently a busy time for many of us due to assignments, meetings, projects, etc. so the progress during the past week was minimal
- James was able to successfully address the stack into related the the bug previously discovered. Implement a class to handle the navigation in order to mitigate the issue
- Will has been making progress on the back-end for Direct Messages
- Victoria has made minor progress for Direct Message xml files, no functionality yet.
- Prab and Kaija made small changes to the UI but were told to hold off until a feature has been completed before going through to make their changes to avoid potential merge issues
- Parth has been slowly creating a plan for items to test, and researching program to assist in these tests.
