**Date: Monday March 24**

**Time: 4:30pm - 6:00pm**

**Location: Microsoft Teams**

## Agenda 
- [x] Review progress for Sprint 5
- [x] Discuss items to demo for tomorrow's Stakeholder meeting
- [x] Assign responsbilities for Sprint 6
- [x] Discuss exam and assignment schedule for upcoming month
- [x] Discuss final presentation and submissions

## Attendance
- [x] Parth Chauhan
- [x] Victoria Danh
- [x] Prab Khokhar
- [x] Kaija Sproxton
- [x] William White
- [x] James Windjack
- [ ] Brendan Park
- [ ] Naser Ezzati-Jivan

## Sprint 5 Responsbilities
| Sprint # | Name               | Responsbility                                    |
|----------| ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------|
| Sprint 5 | Parth              | Software Testing and Planning                    |
| Sprint 5 | Victoria           | Direct Message and Following (Front End)         |
| Sprint 5 | Kaija              | Improve overall UI                               |
| Sprint 5 | Prab               | Improve overall UI                               |
| Sprint 5 | Will               | Algorithm for Posts and Following (Back End)     |
| Sprint 5 | James              | Tags (Displaying), Addressing Bugs, Exploring S3 |

## Sprint 5 
- Unfortunately due to the issue Mac users were having, there was a delay in progress for Sprint 5
- At the time of the meeting, the only feature ready to demo was the ability to Edit a Profile
- Items that were in a work in progress but were completed on the back-end included:
  - Direct Messages
  - Follower/Following action
  - Follwer/Following count update 
- Victoria and Will would work together to complete the above features so they will be available to demo the next day

## Aftermath
- Victoria was able to complete the Front-End portion of the Direct Messages and Following button actions, however was unable to test due to an issue with the UI connecting to the API Server
- Will suggested to push all changes. and he was able to work through everything to ensure it worked in both the Front-End and Back-End (life saver)
  
## Sprint 4 Responsbilities
| Sprint # | Name               | Responsbility                                       |
|----------| ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------|
| Sprint 5 | Parth              | Software Testing and Planning                       |
| Sprint 5 | Victoria           | Group Chat and Editing/Previewing a Post            |
| Sprint 5 | Kaija              | Improve overall UI                                  |
| Sprint 5 | Prab               | Improve overall UI                                  |
| Sprint 5 | Will               | Algorithm for Posts and Notifications               |
| Sprint 5 | James              | Tagging a User in Post, Notifications, Exploring S3 |

## TA Feedback
- Inquired about user's having to log in everytime, have included it in our remainiing to-do list to ensure it is address.
- This was something our group discussed at the beginning of the prohect and was meant to be implement in Sprint 2, but got pushed

  
